dang girl or did you get that outfit
it's hideous you should invest in a
full-length mirror oh my god and that
dress what color is that it's horrible
dang where did you get those jeans Oh
everyone always asks me hey girl fujita
long chains and I always tell them Oh
same place I get my kids more pennies TJ
maxx like these attacks I'm a sexy mom
ash girl Oh pimp gonna rock my world mom
jeans mommy mommy mom menopause every
time with my mom jeans off eh boys come
to my lawn come to my door and I starts
there I want to say I'm your mom jeans
on put your feet in your dancing Oh long
don't you shake your jelly hurry Jake
you're gently booty get your mom toons
on put your p
68 but I'm so delicious done when straw
house till graduation look a text like a
Bronco expand a lasting my mom-jo get
your mom jeans on jump eat in your kids
dancing all night long to choke you I
shake your jelly berry shake your
juggling booty get your mom jeans off
food you're feeding your kids at your
side elbows up side to side elbows up
side to side this is gangster shake it
shake it shake it oh shake your jelly
booty shake your gently booty get your
mom jeans off but you're feeding your
kids hey guys let's all go out for a
beer too hot though it'll be bad